Trevor Boone
1785 E Appalachian Rd
Flagstaff, AZ 86004
480-323-8944
tdboone@gmail.com

Bio:
I've always had a passion for math and programming, and I've been an obsessive video game fan since I was about four years old. I have a bachelor's degree in Biomedical Engineering from Arizona State University, though in retrospect I probably should have studied computer science. I have been working as a quality engineer for the medical products division of W. L. Gore for about two and a half years. A little over two years ago I started working on video game programming as a hobby because I wanted an additional technical challenge and creative outlet. My goal is to make a career change to some kind of programming within the next two years, and the opportunity to work as a programmer for IGN would be amazing!


Work History:
I worked for Target in Gilbert, AZ for about a year and a half in high school, both as a cashier and on the sales floor (which is mostly keeping the shelves looking nice.) 

During the Summer beteween my first and second year in college I worked at the Costco in Mesa, AZ for two months as a cashier's assistant. 

My next job started toward the end of my second year in college at a restaurant called Sammy's Woodfired Pizza in Tempe, AZ. I worked there first as a busser and then as a server for a total of about four months until the restaurant closed. 

About halfway through my third year in college I started working for one of my professors helping with his epilepsy research. This work included writing programs in MatLab to evaluate the effect of various parameters on the accuracy of seizure prediction methods and creating interfaces to animal brain tissue for collecting EEG data. I continued this work through the rest of my third year and all of my fourth year until graduation.

During the time between graduation and starting my current job, I spent about two months working with the promoter that helped my band in college put together some shows, and I spent about four months with a small startup called SLK Holdings, in which I learned to develop websites in ASP.NET and coordinated with an off-shore call center for some marketing for a client.

I started my current job as a Quality Engineer for the Medical Products Division of W.L. Gore and Associates in October 2008. I began in the plant in Sunnyvale, CA, where I worked for seven months before being relocated to Flagstaff, AZ, where I've been working since.